Fixes redirect to Data Converter (#1987)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/security/data-converter.md

---
id: data-converter
title: Data Converter
sidebar_label: Data Converter
description: Use a Data Converter with a custom Payload Codec to encode and decode your data.
tags:
  - guide-context
---

> Temporal SDKs provide a [Data Converter](/concepts/what-is-a-data-converter) that can be customized with a custom [Payload Codec](/concepts/what-is-a-payload-codec) to encode and secure your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Temporal SDK provides a [Data Converter](/concepts/what-is-a-data-converter) that can be customized with a custom [Payload Codec](/concepts/what-is-a-payload-codec) to encode and secure your data.
```

> For details on what data can be encoded, how to secure it, and what to consider when using encryption, see [Data encryption](/prod-readiness-context/data-encryption).

Reviewer 2: @aarohib this link doesn't work. Directs to `https://production-readiness/develop#data-encryption`

Author: dang; fixing.
